Remind users to install the package (#399)
rstudio/shinytest: vignettes/package.Rmd

You may have noticed the `expect_pass()` function, which is from the shinytest package (instead of most `expect_` functions, which are from the testthat package).

> Also note that the test driver scripts requires your package to be *installed*. [`testthat::test_local()`](https://testthat.r-lib.org/reference/test_package.html) and related wrappers which you may be familiar with from interactive use, will `pkgload::load_all()` the source package under development. You can still use `test_local()` to test the package, but you will need to install it first.
> Otherwise, you may create a confusing situation where your shinytest-tests run on a *different* version of your package (whichever was last installed), than the rest of your tests (the current source).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Also note that the `shinytest` scripts require your package to be *installed*. [`testthat::test_local()`](https://testthat.r-lib.org/reference/test_package.html) (and related wrappers) eventually call `pkgload::load_all()` to temporarily source the local R package. You can use `test_local()` to test non-`shinytest` tests, but you will need to install your R package to safely execute your `shinytest` tests. If not installed, it will create a confusing situation where your `shinytest` tests run on a *different* version of your R package (whichever was last installed), than the rest of your tests (the current source).
```
